Lets now discuss what our developer environment
needs to be in order to develop Angular 2
applications.
There’s 3 main things you need to get going.
First, you need Node.js installed.
Second, you need a text editor like Sublime
Text or Visual Studio and third you need to
install a few plugins.
I’m using Node version 6.9.1.
Its recommended that you use at least version
4 and every odd number version gets longer-term
support.
Node version 6 will have long term support
until April 2018.
Once you’ve downloaded the vesion right
for your system, you’ll be able to open
up a node terminal window and check your versioning
using the node -v flag as well as npm which
is used to download our dependencies.
Next comes selecting an editor.
Some good editor’s for angular projects
include visual studio, sublime text, brackets
and webstorm.
For all of these except webstorm, you’ll
need add in a typescript plugin.
I’m using sublime text so I’ll show how
to do this here.
First we need to download package control.
And once that’s installed you can type:
Ctrl + shift + P to bring up the search bar.
Then click install packages then search for
typescript.
Its already configured in my editor so its
not coming up.
But once installed, you’ll have access to
features like error checking, auto-completion,
auto suggestions and a tyepscript compiler.
We want to be able to compile typescript from
the command line and pull down typings type
definitions.
So inside of our terminal we’ll type ‘npm
install typescript typings -g’.
The dash g flag will download a local version
of each of these libraries.
Back in our code we now have typescript support.
So when opening up our app component files
we can test this out.
When adding a comma P to our import we are
suggested Pipe.
And if we comment out this line, we’ll get
a squiggly line error under our component
decorator.
These are a couple quick examples of the enhanced
error checking and auto completion features
that are already built in.